Maindomain.co
=============

This was found shortly before episode one (although it first appears in episode on)

maindomain.co is a DNS server configuration page from what we can tell

There's three pages namely:

https://www.maindomain.co/domain/enterprise/

https://www.maindomain.co/domain/iso/test/9VG5R7fxuVE/?l=en

https://www.maindomain.co/domain/iso/distribution/?l=en

These pages can be accessed via the links on the left hand side, under the QR code. 

The QR code just links directly back to these pages. 

Most of the page(s) are images, and only the links noted above and the language options are clickable. 

Observations
------------

- **ruxmsu9u.net**
- Name servers ns1.maindomain.co and ns2.maindomain.co
- A subdomain listed **yx080.ka33** **192.251.68.218** (is the IP for ruxmsu9u.net
- ruxmsu9u is **ELLIOT** encoded into base64
- There's a html hidden class and 3 letters on each page **PUG** (screenshot needed)
  You can see the letters if you select all / highlight the whole page as they are coloured white. (Credits to Hackerman for spotting this early)
- The URL folders are very weird, and not consistent
  /domain/enterprise
  /domain/iso/test/9VG5R7fxuVE
  /domain/iso/distribution
  
- On the 'NameServers' page there is an **Instruction**
It reads:
"Attention: Nameserver setting is an important part in domain admin, please make sure you know what this is.
1. We offer 2 different nameserver comboes for your choice
ns1.maindomain.co/ns2.maindomain.co nameservers, excellent speed
USA based nameservers, more stable, less block
2. If you are feeling that the current nameserver is unstable, you are welcome to change it anytime. We are currently offering 2 nameserver comboes ranged from NS1 to NS2"

- Lots of RGB values used for colour in the CSS file. 
  These are mostly autogenerated from a site called http://www.colorzilla.com/gradient-editor but again it's odd that colours are coming up so strongly. They could have simply used basic css colouring. 
Interesting Stuff
-----------------

- When this site is shown in episode_one the name servers are actually different. 
  They are listed but obscured: ns1.ndns, ns215.ni, and on another page as 2ns. and ns2.
- The 'Domain Resolution' page says the info is for ruxmsuru.net not ruxmsu9u.net
- Domain number 336073 (numbers in ARG can be important sometimes)


Current Theories
----------------
The links being different colours certainly brings colours into the light again. Seems to be a big thing this season (began with the colouring in pages, and the 404 on ruxmsu9u.net)

PUG being on three pages (in different places) is no accident, but it's true meaning as yet is unclear. 

The site has poor grammar and spelling mistakes all over it. Is this another cryptic style clue, or just meant to be a bad translation from a crappy website?


9VG5R7fxuVE in the URL of one of the page is also (perhaps coincedentally) a youtube video, about animated puppets. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VG5R7fxuVE - The video also had a comment on it from a user by the name of Sr Yeap (https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDU-rQxpK13DQHecq5OVQeA) that said "Argsociety" and was commented 1 month ago. 
ARGSociety are a reddit/discord group whom take part in the Mr Robot ARG each year (with much sucess) so this comment seems almost prescient. This youtuber might be worth keeping an eye on. 

on the page it states "Whois Privacy" - this could be construed as a command, as in do a WHOIS on domain called Privacy. But this yielded no results. 

At some point it may be possible to use these name servers, and get a hit on the subdomain listed.. Or get a different result for the ruxmsu9u.net page. 

It's odd that the creation date for the domain is 06-11-2012 (11th June or 6th November?) but Mr Robot season 3 is set in 2015

The expiration date on the top of the page is 2015-07-14
But the expiration date under basic info is 2028-11-16 
(Might be worth double checking in episode one again to see if these match)

The page source doesn't hold much extra info. All the images are locally referenced but the directories cannot be accessed.
the language can be changed from Chinese to English, via the 'l' parameter. 
E.g. l=ch or l=en, this suggests that the file is being loaded from a local file, and could possible be a LFI (Local File Include) vulnerability here. However ARG is meant to be more of a scavenger hunt than a full on hacking test so this is unlikely to yield any results. 

There is a hunch about the 'Instruction' and the very choice wording around things like "more stable, less block". There could be something cryptic here.

Crazy Ramblings/ To Do
----------------------

- Contact Sr Yeap youtuber and see if there's any reply
- Play around with Javascript console, and see if there's any weird functions that pop out some cool data.
- Keep that Subdomain in mind yx080.ka33
- Set local nameservers to the ones here if they go live
